---
title: Despair
date: 2017-10-19 15:06:07
tags: daisy
---

I despair of the hospital and the doctor.  
<!--more-->
At last month, my parents came in Beijing, the city I'm working now. This is the sencond time that my mother come in Beijing for cure of her disease.Before it, she had an operation in Taiyuan. But after the operation, she have a negative attitude at her disease. Now she all of think she can't be cured and her life isn't long. At some day not long ago, my father was told that Peking Union Medical College Hospital is best hospital across our country. At the other hand, taking advantage of this National Day holidays, I can take them to traval by the way. Maybe this cound make my mom relax her mood and will be good at her illness.  

The first trouble is register. It's really hard. At the Web Registration Platform, almost numbers of major hospital are empty, some secondary hospitals have 1 - 2 numbers, too. We can't do anything, so we regist the number of Beijing Friendship Hospital. But when we go to the hospital, and was called. My mother is the last. The doctor talk her to have a B-mode ultrasonography. But the hospital is off duty. So we have to do it at the next day. But if we want to consult with doctor, we have to regist again. The next date of that have num is a few days later. We don't have free time. So I try to search the cattle just for a registration. Luckily, I did it. After a series of discuss with the cattle, he promise me an expert number at a price of ￥600. I have to pay him ￥300 firstly. There's no way, so I only can believe him and pay him. But the next day, he told me that there is no morning expert number. By last experience, we only want to the afternoon number. My father hear that Beijing Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital is also well, so we change to get the number of this hospital. The cattle get a number for us immediately. But the price is still ￥600. I don't delay my mom's disease and agree it.

The day is up. We arrive at the hospital and get the number. When my mother see the patient, she show the result of last hospital to the expert, but the doctor still let her to have a B-mode ultrasonography again, although the result is exactly alike. After it, he say my mom maybe need to have an operation, so he continue make some list we need to draw blood and inspect. Then we pay the list and do many inspect according to the list. At the last, the doctor told us that we come to hospital at the next week. Today, when we come, the doctor has changed and this doctor also let my mom to do the same B-mode ultrasonography two weeks later. This doctor don't say anything about the last topic of operation. It means that our last blood and inspections have been undone. All of last week are wasteful.It's reall an outrage.  
After we come back home, my mother told me that today's doctor ask her: 'Why we go to the other hospital ?' when she see the result of the Friendship Hospital. At once, I understand that these doctor only do things carelessly. They are not responsible for the patient. They write these list just for achievement. My monther is right. If you don't have relationship with the doctor or the hospital, they will treat you perfunctorily. I'm too young too simple. I blame my mom. Before today, my father and I all think she think too much. In fact, we are wrong. And the doctor are mind about the result of other hospital. We are wrong. Now I don't know where we can find a responsible doctor who can take a heart to my mom. I only want to know who have the relationship with some doctor or hospital. Maybe only this can cure my mother. But it's a slim hope.  

Today, I deeply take cognizant of that the hospital is really dark and disappointing. After surf the web, I get that the bigger the hospital is , the more dark it is. But the ordinary people only can be place at the mercy of hospital. Because every don't want to go die.

So sad.